Updated tutorials with recent releases (#105)
crate/cloud-getting-started: docs/cluster-deployment/stripe.rst

.. _cluster-deployment-stripe:

=========================
Deploy a cluster directly
=========================

In this tutorial, we will provide a step-by-step guide to deploying a cluster
from scratch. It is assumed you have completed the
:ref:`signup process <sign-up>`. If you're a first-time user, a new 
organization will have been created for you as a part of the signup process.
If not, you will need to create one manually to proceed. The simplest way to
then deploy a cluster quickly is to subscribe to CrateDB Cloud using your
credit card. Our payment processing and billing are powered 
by `Stripe`_. It is also possible to use your AWS or Azure subscription as a
payment. To follow these steps, go to the `Cloud Console`_.

.. rubric:: Table of contents

.. contents::
   :local:

Deploy cluster
==============

> When you have finished the signup process, you will arrive to the CrateDB 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have finished the signup process, you will arrive at the CrateDB
```

Cloud Console. The screen will show the Clusters overview:

.. image:: ../_assets/img/stripe-console.png
   :alt: CrateDB Cloud Console Clusters overview

From here, click the blue *Deploy cluster* button to get to the cluster
deployment screen. Here you can configure the name, region, compute, storage,
and the number of deployed nodes.

.. image:: ../_assets/img/deployment-config.png
   :alt: CrateDB Cloud Console Deployment Configuration

Region
------

First, after naming your cluster, select a `region`_ where your cluster should

> be deployed. Currently, we offer AWS and Azure regions. If you'd like to 

Reviewer: Maybe the request region feature needs clarifying here. Perhaps something like

If there is a region that you would like to see but we don't currently offer, you can let us know by clicking the "Request new region" button and filling out the form.

request a new region, there is a form present. Simply click the "Request a new
region" link, and the form will appear:

.. image:: ../_assets/img/deployment-region-request.png
   :alt: CrateDB Cloud Console Deployment New Region Request

If you are deploying an :ref:`Edge <edge>` cluster, you can choose your
custom region by clicking the "Add a custom edge region" link.

Compute
-------

In the Compute section, you should choose a `subscription plan`_ that suits
your needs and use case. Plans consist of a per-node CPU and RAM allocation.

Shared-resources clusters (CR0)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Shared-resource clusters are a special category of clusters that allow
better utilization of resources. These clusters share compute and storage

> resources with other clusters in this category. Because of this, they offer

Reviewer: This wasn't included in your changes but this sentence is missing an 'a'. So maybe where while you are here this should be 

Because of this, they offer a more cost-effective solution

more cost-effective solution for smaller teams and experimental deployments of
low-traffic applications. They are limited to one node with 2 CPUs, 2 GiB of
memory, and 4 GiB of storage.

Storage
-------

You can choose, with the exception of CR0, how much storage space you need for
your cluster.

.. NOTE::
    The storage capacity of a cluster cannot currently be lowered in the
    CrateDB Cloud Console once it has been deployed.

Number of nodes
---------------

> The number of nodes serves as a horizontal scaling of your CrateDB Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of nodes represents the horizontal scaling of your CrateDB Cloud
```

cluster.

---

To sum up: the configuration of the cluster consists of the hardware per-node
values (CPU, RAM, storage), and the number of nodes in the cluster.
The hardware values are determined by choice of subscription plan. Each of
these choices will affect the price of the cluster. You can always find the
total price per hour and month on the right side of the deployment screen.

Provide billing information
===========================

Next comes a payment method screen. Our credit card payment processing is

> supported by `Stripe`_. If you have an existing AWS or Azure subscription, you

Reviewer: we use the expression `powered by` above so maybe we should stick to that verb?

```suggestion
powered by `Stripe`_. If you have an existing AWS or Azure subscription, you
```

-----------

You can find the cards accepted by Crate.io at the bottom right part of the 
screen. When you have filled out the necessary information, click *Deploy

> Cluster* below it to deploy your cluster. Do not forget to accept financial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cluster* below it to deploy your cluster. Do not forget to accept the financial
```
